Update README.md (#15)
DataDome/datadome-ios-package: README.md

# DataDome

> This is a mirror dedicated to disctrubution of the DataDomeSDK for SPM.

Reviewer: do you really mean "mirror" or minor? 😅
Please change disctrubution to distribution
Also I would rather put Swift Package Manager instead of SPM

Author: Yes it's `mirror`, a copy of a repo.

I'll keep SPM as it is well known in the Swift ecosystem

> This is a mirror dedicated to disctrubution of the DataDomeSDK for SPM.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a mirror repository dedicated to the distribution of the DataDomeSDK on SPM.
```
